Move ResearchUI framework to Research project (#105)
Sage-Bionetworks/SageResearch: Research/Research-UnitTest/README.md

framework that uses the navigation model supported by Research.

## License

Research-UnitTest is available under the BSD license:

Copyright (c) 2017-2019, Sage Bionetworks
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Sage Bionetworks nor the names of BridgeSDk's
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE

> DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAGE BIONETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
```
